---
title: "MIT Center for Brains, Minds & Machines 9.11"
date: 2018-09-14
tags: [BCI, Neuroscience]
excerpt: "Notes from MIT CBMM 9.11"
mathjax: "true"
---

## 9.11 The Human Brain
Nancy Kanwisher, MIT

<iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/i1pdQjdAndc" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0"> </iframe>


**1.1 Why should we care about the brain?**
1. This is where the mind lives. It is the physical implementation of the mind and is who we are. We want to know - *what is this physical brain that is me?*
2. The brain has physical struce, different parts do different things

**1.2 How can we study the brain? Marr's levels of analysis**
*The nature of the computations that underlie perception depends more upon the computational problems that have to be solved than upon the particular hardware in which their solutions are implemented* -Marr, 1982
1. Computational theory (IO)
2. Algorithm / representation (code)
3. Hardware implementation

**1.2 Philosophical questions**
1. What is *special* about the human brain?
2. Where does knowledge come from - how much is genetic vs experience?
3. Can we think without language?
4. Can we perceive/understand/think/decide without awareness?

---

<iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/H2HFzAYRwSM" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0"> </iframe>


**2.1 The Face Recognition Problem**
1. What is the nature of face perception - inputs, outputs, challenges?
2. What is the nature of face representation - do they differ in any important way from representation of nonface stimuli?
3. Is face perception a distinct system from the rest of vision/cognition?
4. Do separate components exist within the face system? Like what?
5. What computations are conducted?

**Alphabet soup of ways to monitor brain activity**
PET, fMRI, ERP, MEG, ECOG, fNIRs

- Your face recognition system is set up to process the *whole* upright face at once
- The perfect control stimulus for the face is the inverted face

---

